README updates for QGIS server & Vs30map (#13)
ucgmsim/mapping: mapbox/vs30/README.md

## Mapbox Service Requirements
Map data is hosted by Mapbox. Currently this just contains the standard satelite imagery along with the vs30 points which should be updated via the studio.mapbox.com tilesets section. To make updates more simple, vs30 points can be formatted as geojson and loaded from a static file from the webserver using mapbox gl js.
The access token is limited to specific hosts which can be changed via the studio.mapbox.com account section. Subdomains have been allowed so should make local development possible without using a public access token as long as you use the full URL.

## Updating Vs30 map data
You may need to update the project file when the data changes (eg: updated `.tif` dataset). This is because the colour scale may need to be adjusted for a new range.
Open the project (vs30.qgs) on your computer, edit properties of the layer.
<img width="510" alt="Screen Shot 2021-09-01 at 10 48 52 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/466989/131585718-4b27a6e0-364c-45bf-9d9c-ae01e809df43.png">

> QGIS is a little fiddly here. To make sure the min and max are updated, try some random values for min and max (eg.0 and 1000), select User defined, and click apply. Then change it to Min/max and apply again. This should find a new Min and Max values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QGIS is a little fiddly here. To make sure the min and max are updated, try some random values for min and max (e.g. 0 and 1000), select User defined, and click apply. Then change it to Min/max and apply again. This should find a new Min and Max values.
```

![Screen Shot 2021-09-01 at 11 16 27 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/466989/131588093-80383082-5675-48fc-92f9-af37dfbfef66.png)

Note that map.js alongside index.html are hosted on /var/www/Vs30 @ ucquakecore2p server

### Summary of Steps.
1. Run basin2tif.py and produce basins.tif. 
2. Copy this to where vs30.qgs is located. Open vs30.qgs with QGIS. Make it find basins.tif at ./basins.tif
3. Update color scale for each property.
4. Save vs30.qgs
5. Copy vs30.qgs and basins.tif to /var/www/vs30map_data @ Hypocentre
6. Copy map.js to /var/www/Vs30 @ ucquakecore2p (it might have updates to `NAME_BASIN` list)

> 7. Restart qgis server at Hypoctnre.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Restart qgis server at Hypocentre.
```
